Update Determine the Reason for Pod Failure (#36980)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/determine-reason-pod-failure.md

---
title: Determine the Reason for Pod Failure
content_type: task

> weight: 30

Reviewer: It would have the same weight as this page for information https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/main/content/en/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-statefulset.md.

I guess it could be better to not rely on alphabetical order for weight (because of localized version).

Author: I agree with you. I also think that the weight of [the article](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/main/content/en/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-statefulset.md.) is not equivalent to the weight of this article. 
It is recommended to adjust it from [the article](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/main/content/en/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/debug-statefulset.md.) with fewer words.

the general
[Kubernetes logs](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/logging/).

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

> {{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}} {{< version-check >}}

Reviewer 2: If you're cleaning this up, omit `{{< version-check >}}`. All supported Kubernetes versions let you read termination messages.

Author: Thank you, I really need to pay special attention to this detail.

<!-- steps -->

## Writing and reading a termination message

In this exercise, you create a Pod that runs one container.

> The configuration file specifies a command that runs when the container starts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The manifest for that Pod specifies a command that runs when the container starts:
```

Author: look good to me
